>> Stephen: HEY EVERYBODY!
WE'RE BACK HERE WITH ALEXANDRIA
OCASIO-CORTEZ.
THE NEW CONGRESSWOMAN FROM
QUEENS.
NOW, CONGRESSWOMAN, FOR YOU AND
OTHER FRESHMEN MEMBERS OF
CONGRESS, YOU'RE GETTING A FAIR
AMOUNT OF PUSHBACK FROM EVEN
MEMBERS OF YOUR OWN PARTY SAYING
WAIT YOUR TURN, GO SLOW, DON'T
ASK FOR SO MUCH SO FAST RIGHT
NOW.
YOU'RE NEW, WAIT YOUR TURN FOR
EVERYTHING AND DON'T MAKE WAVES.
( AUDIENCE BOOING )
>> Stephen: I WANT TO ASK THIS
QUESTION IN A RESPECTFUL MANNER,
KNOWING ALSO THAT YOU'RE FROM
QUEENS, SO YOU WILL UNDERSTAND
THIS QUESTION.
( CHEERING )
ON A SCALE FROM ZERO TO SOME,
HOW MANY (  BLEEP  ) DO YOU GIVE
>> ZERO.
>> Stephen: THAT'S MY THOUGHT!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
SO WH WHAT DO YOU SAY TO THE PEO
WHO SAY WE NEED PARTY UNITY AND
WE CAN'T HAVE YOU MEETING WITH
THE PEOPLE WHO ARE OCCUPYING
PELOSI'S OFFICE BECAUSE THAT
SHOWS A DIVIDED FRONT FOR THE
DEMOCRATS THAT THE OPPOSITION
PARTY CAN TAKE ADVANTAGE OF?
>> IT'S HOW WE CHOOSE TO
INTERPRET ITEMS AND HOW WE
CHOOSE TO INTERPRET EVENTS AND
THINGS LIKE ACTIVISM AND
ADVOCACY.
IF YOU THINK ACTIVISM IS
INHERENTLY DIVISIVE -- I MEAN,
TODAY IS MARTIN LUTHER KING DAY.
PEOPLE CALLED MARTIN LUTHER KING
DIVISIVE IN HIS TIME.
WE FORGET HE WAS WILDLY UNTOP
LAR WHEN ADVOCATING FOR THE
CIVIL RIGHTS ACT.
SOCIAL MOVEMENTS SHOULD BE THE
MORAL COMPASS O.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: YOU BROUGHT THE
BOOK "WHY WE CAN'T WAIT."
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> YES.
>> Stephen: I HAVE TO GET INTO
ONE POLICY ISSUE WITH YOU HERE
IS THAT YOU HAVE PROPOSED A 70%
TAX ON RICH FOLKS.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
NOW, I HAVE NO -- I HAVE NO DOG
IN THIS FIGHT --
( LAUGHTER )
-- I'M JUST CURIOUS, HOW WOULD
THAT WORK?
( LAUGHTER )
WHAT IF SOME OF THE MONEY IS IN
THE CAYMAN ISLANDS?
HOW WOULD THAT WORK?
>> SIGNING THIS IS SOMETHING WE
OFTEN SEE, TOO, WITH FOX NEWS.
IT'S, LIKE, THEY WANT TO TAKE
ALL YOUR MONEY!
AND WHEN WE TALK ABOUT A 70%
MARGINAL TAX RATE, IT'S NOT ON
ALL OF YOUR INCOME, IT'S ON YOUR
$10,000,001.
YOUR DOLLARS AFTER 10 MILLION,
YOUR DOLLARS ARE TAXED AT AN
INCREASED RATE.
IT'S THE TAX RATE INTERPRETATION
TO ONE ANSWER TO THE QUESTION OF
AT WHAT LEVEL ARE WE REALLY JUST
LIVING IN EXCESS AND WHAT KIND
OF SOCIETY DO WE WANT TO LIVE
IN, AND DO WE WANT TO LIVE IN A
CITY --
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
-- FOR EXAMPLE, DO WE WANT TO
LIVE IN A STAR WHERE
BILLIONAIRES HAVE THEIR OWN
PERSONAL UBER HELIPADS, WHEN
PEOPLE --
>> Stephen: YOU CAN GET THOSE?
OH, YEAH.
>> Stephen: BECAUSE THE
TRAFFIC IN THE TUNNEL SUCKS.
GOOD TO KNOW.
GO AHEAD.
>> SO DO WE WANT THESE KIND OF
FOLKS WITH HELIPADS IN THE SAME
CITY AND SOCIETY AS PEOPLE WHO
ARE WORKING 80 HOUR WEEKS AND
CAN'T FEED THEIR KIDS?
>> Stephen: AND THIS KIND OF
TAX RATE WAS THE NORM UNTIL THE
EARLY '80s.
>> IT WAS.
THIS IS NOT A NEW IDEA.
PEOPLE ARE YELLING SHE'S A
SOCIALIST, SHE WANTS 70%
MARGINAL TAX RATES.
UNDER REPUBLICAN ADMINISTRATION,
DWIGHT EISENHOWER, WE HAD 90%
MARGINAL TAX RATES.
>> Stephen: BUT I WANT TO
POINT OUT, SHE'S A SOCIALIST AND
WANTS 70% TAX RATES, THOSE ARE
BOTH CORRECT?
>> DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST.
VERY DIFFERENT.
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: THANK YOU FOR
BEING SHEER.
HOPE WE SEE YOU MANY TIMES IN
THE FUTURE.
CONGRESSWOMAN ALEXANDRIA
OCASIO-CORTEZ, EVERYBODY!
BACK WITH METHOD MAN!